Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

My Name is Sara Velasquez-Restrepo. I am an evolutionary biologis deeply interested in the mechanisms driving species genesis, extintion and adaptation in the neotropics, with particular focus in Northern South America. Ever since I was a child, I have been amazed by the biodiversity that surrounds me. I used to go with my father to see the insects that lived in an old wall near our house and spend hours just looking at their different colors, shapes, and habits. As I grew older, I had many experiences in nature, going frequently to my grandfather’s farm and to National Natural Parks. Hand in hand with my father and my grandfather I learned to love and respect all living forms, but above all, they promoted in me the curiosity and desire of exploring to create knowledge and use that knowledge to protect nature. Soon, like many scientists I admired, I wanted to classify all the animals into what I later learned were species, genera and other Linnean categories. I developed a special interest in birds, probably because of their diverse colors, shapes, and songs, but also because from a very young age I was able to closely observe them with binoculars, which triggered my curiosity and my interest to know more about them. This set of experiences led me without any doubts to be a biologist.

 graduated from Universidad EAFIT in Medellín, Colombia with a Bachelor of  Biology. After working in the Biodiversity,  Evolution and Conservation research group within EAFIT, Sara attended graduate school and obtained her Masters degree in Biosciences at the same institution. In 2023 Sara was awarded a Fulbright scholarship to pursue a PhD. She will be joining Dr. Brumfield's Lab where she will focus her research in different aspects of ecology and evolution of Manakins. 

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
